
printt the actual photo on like a 4x6 or osmeting


our adventures
a trip down memory lane
(photo of spaceship launching, or mountain)

water color on the first page, random colors
    - to fion

july 
im glad we decided to give each other a chance. we went on our 
first little date in the canoe boat and i just remember it was so hot and i 
was so sweaty. i also remembered needing to leave a few days after to 
go back to work and trying to come back 10 days early because i couldn't take it anymore.
that summer was so fun when I finally came back, i visited you and your family, 
we went to restaurants all over new york city, and spent so much time in 
outdoor movies and events. i think it was the best summer for me because i 
was able to spend it all with you. i was also excited that we were going to 
be on the hill during sophomore year and we could visit each other real quick.

august
filled with more fun times exploring the city. i remember being really excited to go to 
boston because it was our first little trip together that was really fun. it was nice to 
explore a different city with you, and we have tons of fun eating and taking in what
boston had to offer. ill never forget the rats- what an experience that was. ill also remember
our really long walk to find the famous steps, even though the photos we took didn't give us justice. but, 
it was nice just to hold your hand and wlak and talk with you for hours, we're good at doing that. 
after doing most of what nyc had to offer, with more outdoor movies and events, we were ready to go back to school 
and start the new school semester. that concluded the most amazing summer of college so far!

september
we finally arrive at school and had a great time for my birthday. it was pretty 
easy adjusting to the new environment and also coming over to see you often was nice. 
i remember wanting to surprise you one day after school by helping you install your lights in your room. 
i just wanted to make the ambiance nicer. i also recall gaining a lot of weight and trying to get 
bigger, but im past that now. these were also the weeks that we got invested into bachelor in paradise and 
we had drinks with hannah and victoria and it was a really fun time. we were so excited for the entire school year :)

october
it's been a few weeks and everything has mostly calmed down. we both found a good schedule 
and have been sticking to it. this was also the first time that i went to a retreat, which was a good experience for me. 
I didn't want to go at first, but meeting pastor paul kim and being around everyone in church was so great. this was
around the time that sophomore year started to pick up, so we had less time to hang out and have fun. if you remember,
this was also the first time we saw our skateboard get touched and the first time i started playing minecraft again. but mostly, 
for october i see photos from retreat, which was such a fun time. we also had that great halloween party too!

november
this month was mostly a blur, i think we were all waiting for the break. we had some great plans
to visit chicago, and im so glad that everyting worked out because it was so fun. i love travelling with you 
and those are the experiences that i cherish the most. i think exploring the city at night, coming back to hannahs place, 
going aroud eating all the great food, and taking photos are things ill never forget. we also took my favorite photo, 
us by the christmas tree. the drive to and back were so brutal, but it was all worth it with you being a little 
sleepy baby in the back. also, the buffet was amazing!

december
this was so fast too, since school was ending and we were just excited to have fun with michigan friends in new york. i think the 
experiences that we all had in the first semester was so good. staying at your place for an extended amount of time during those weeks 
brought us closer and made me feel a lot more comfortable. im also happy that around christmas time, i was able to go to 
OCM and just learn with you. there were many late nights and hectic days, but it was all so fun with you. the car rides that we took to get food, 
or drives to industry city, were just part of the reason why winter break with you was so fun! we were both mentally ready for the second half
of the school year and was excited to get back. 

january
birthday with my baby and her big 20! we had two separate celebrations, one with your friends in new york and in some italian restaurant, and one
at umich where we went to the vietnamese restaurant. I also hope that you liked the painted paddle that i made for you, i remember being so excited to 
show you because it was so much hard work that i just wanted to give to you. your birthday present was a little delayed but i still got what you wanted :)
honestly dont remember much about january, but im glad you enjoyed your flask. im just hoping next year, i can take you to a nicer place in the city or maybe
somewhere overseas :o i'd love to travel with you when covid hopefully dies down. in january, we were probably adjusting to new schedules, so nothing amazing happend.

february
valentines day with my love! i hope you like the belt, i wanted to do a little something extra this year for you. we couldn't really eat at the steakhouse like i wanted, 
but pacific rim was also really good. you know how you said before that i never choose places and its always you? well its because you have stronger opinions and tastes on foods, 
and im less sensitive and dont really have foods taste bad. so, if i am okay with many things and flavors id rather go somewhere you like cause i know id enjoy it too! 
but if i have a super fav fav place (sake :p) then you know we be going. lunar gala was also this time which was really fun too. the performances with the yoyo was really memoerable
and taking photos. my yellow button down that you got me really pulled through didnt it.

march
its time to go from ann arbor :( because of covid becoming so crazy and suddently changing our schedules and school, we had to go home
becuase it was safer there. we had a few consecutive nights of poker, which was fun, and we had that last late night drive with cesar sarah and jehian. 
we didn't know that it was going to be the last time we saw each other in two months, we thought this whole thing was going to boil over in a few weeks. 
i know we've had so many times saying i wish we stayed but it is what it is now and we should make the best of it (and i think we did)
i know at times it was hard to get to me and really talk to each other wihtout touching each other. but im hopeful that we're going to go back to school 
and can see each other soon. 

april
an entire month full of games. i played some minecraft while you wathced some netflix shows, we both planted and fished and mined in stardew for a few weeks (before finals), 
and tons of other online activities. even though we were separated, we still tried and did make the most of what we had. after all, be glad that we still had internet right? thsoe endless
hours of facetime made me realize how much i want to be with you, in person and with you in my arms. little did i know i'd see you soon!

may
first time seeing you in 60 days exactly! it was definitnely really hard to not see you for such a long time, and it felt like a long distance relationship. 
at first, it was nice seeing each other on the phone, and we played a few games (rmeember stardew). we also had some virtual fun with cesar and sarah playing poker
occassionally. but i was so happy just to see you. the first impression was awkward for like 10 minutes, but we warmed up really quickly and i just remember
like this is the old person that i left and is still the same now :) and it made me really happy. i couldn't stop hugging your little body that day 
we had so much fun that week, goign outside for long walks, biking and getting sunburnt, playing hitler and those other short fun games, cooking together and 
making small foods, and taking photos with masks on. im really happy to see how the rest of the summer will shape up like!

meijer and pnc
we finally started our internships this month! you were a little later than me but im glad you had a lot of extra rest to heal your body. i know it was 
really hard for a few days because your skin was really bugging you, but youre so strong and got past all of that, and youre stronger than ever now. 
i dealt with some issues for a week, but you've been working so hard for a month and im really proud of you.i dont have much to do at meijer but i really hope yorue 
learning a lot and relaly developing. for me, i'll learn my own things and at my own pace, but ill be ready come fall. the future is unclear right now because of 
these current events, but i am so glad to have spent an entire year with the love of my life. 